Introduce cross-process resource management for tasks (#5859)
dotnet/msbuild: documentation/specs/resource-management.md

Task `Yield()`ing has no effect on the resources held by a task.

## Example

In a 16-process build of a solution with 30 projects, 16 worker nodes are launched and begin executing work. Most block on dependencies to projects `A`, `B`, `C`, `D`, and `E`, so they don't have tasks running holding resources.

Task `Work` is called in project `A` with 25 inputs. It would like to run as many as possible in parallel. It calls

TODO: what's the best calling pattern here? the thread thing I hacked up in the sample task seems bad.

```C#
int allowedParallelism = BuildEngine7.RequestCores(Inputs.Count); // Inputs.Count == 25
```

When `Work` returns, MSBuild automatically returns all resources reserved by the task to the pool. Before moving on with its processing, `Work2` calls `RequestCores` again, and this time receives a larger reservation.

## Implementation

The initial implementation of the system will use a Win32 [named semaphore](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/sync/semaphore-objects) to track resource use. This was the implementation of `MultiToolTask` in the VC++ toolchain and is a performant implementation of a counter that can be shared across processes.

> On platforms where named semaphores are not supported (.NET Core MSBuild running on macOS, Linux, or other UNIXes), `RequestCores` will always return `0`. We will consider implementing full support using a cross-process semaphore (or an addition to the existing MSBuild communication protocol, if it isn't prohibitively costly to do the packet exchange and processing) on these platforms in the future.

Reviewer: I think you should either return 0 (indicating that there is no RM) or min of what is requested and the number of cores, which will be pretty much what we have today without RM.

> On platforms where named semaphores are not supported (.NET Core MSBuild running on macOS, Linux, or other UNIXes), `RequestCores` will always return `0`. We will consider implementing full support using a cross-process semaphore (or an addition to the existing MSBuild communication protocol, if it isn't prohibitively costly to do the packet exchange and processing) on these platforms in the future.

Reviewer: I think returning 1 is confusing as different tasks would do different things with and without RM and they need to know if RM is actually working or not. Maybe we should just add an explicit method for this, like "IsRMSupported", and then it would be not so important what we return here.

> On platforms where named semaphores are not supported (.NET Core MSBuild running on macOS, Linux, or other UNIXes), `RequestCores` will always return `0`. We will consider implementing full support using a cross-process semaphore (or an addition to the existing MSBuild communication protocol, if it isn't prohibitively costly to do the packet exchange and processing) on these platforms in the future.

Reviewer 2: I guess it depends on whether we expect users are going to inspect the output before using it. If they intend to immediately use it, returning 1 or min(requested, #cores) makes sense for underloading or overloading the machine respectively. If they're going to inspect it, -1 is easiest as an indicator of "failure" that can't have other meanings like "all cores in use."

# Managing tools with their own parallelism in MSBuild

> MSBuild supports building projects in parallel using multiple processes. Most users opt into `NUM_PROCS` parallelism at the MSBuild layer.

Reviewer 3: The string `NUM_PROCS` does not exist in MSBuild. Maybe write a paragraph or two detailing where it comes from.

Author: ```suggestion
MSBuild supports building projects in parallel using multiple processes. Most users opt into `Environment.ProcessorCount` parallelism at the MSBuild layer.
```

Task `Yield()`ing has no effect on the resources held by a task.

## Example

In a 16-process build of a solution with 30 projects, 16 worker nodes are launched and begin executing work. Most block on dependencies to projects `A`, `B`, `C`, `D`, and `E`, so they don't have tasks running holding resources.

Task `Work` is called in project `A` with 25 inputs. It would like to run as many as possible in parallel. It calls

```C#
int allowedParallelism = BuildEngine8.RequestCores(Inputs.Count); // Inputs.Count == 25
```

and gets `16`--the number of cores available to the build overall. Other tasks that do not call `RequestCores` do not affect this value.

While `A` runs `Work`, projects `B` and `C` run another task `Work2` that also calls `RequestCores` with a high value. Since `Work` in `A` has reserved all cores, the calls in `B` and `C` block, waiting on `Work` to release cores (or return).

> When `Work` returns, MSBuild automatically returns all resources reserved by the task to the pool. At that time `Work2`'s calls to `RequestCores` unblock, and

Reviewer 3: Paragraph ends in cliffhanger :)

Author: ". . . and everything works!"

Seriously though this is probably not the right behavior and should be rewritten to reflect whatever we land on (hopefully the scheduler thing which is conceptually easier too).
